Demon Master
Reflect what?
What's up?
No, I'm just excited.
Looks like I have to go to the magic church.
I will go to the Devil's sect with you.
No, I can do it myself.
You think too much.
I came to the Demonic Cult to look up an old story about Bat Lao village.
If Pham Quang is really an old village
So what was the crime of Nga Mi that year?
I have only you willing to suffer alone.
Can you tell me more about the old village?
More than 20 years ago, the puppet master To Truong Tung Pham was not worthy of the small piece of fresh meat I arranged for you.
Are you satisfied?
I remember I had no woman.
Bang Leader, these are the governors of the Emei faction.
Come here to find me to go to the Demon Sect to do some work.
The governors have heard a lot.
The leader of the gang is very annoying.
Bang Leader, you just happened to arrive.
Then let's not go over here.
Bang Chu, I will come visit another day.
Hey, why are you two in more of a hurry than me?
What happened to the cult?
Departure.
Chief Chu has good martial arts.
why are you here
You helped the beggars.
I will help you go to the Devil's sect for a bit.
Moreover, you do not know martial arts.
If something happens on the way
Isn't that a hindrance to governors?
Of course.
And I still don't have you.
Just let him go.
Am I not at a loss?
Then you have to listen to me on the way.
Careful.